I love you way too often.
We can fight this. You're right, the cancer
is only my liver, lungs, prostate and brain,
all the things I can live without.
What if I told you we can make you better?
You're a fighter. We can give you abilities.
Most men only dream of make you a superhero.
He just promise you'll do right by me so I
can do right by someone else and please don't
make me super green or animated.
One thing that never survives this place is
a sense of humor.
We'll see about that Posh Spice.
Oh, come on, you know, leave me all alone
here with less angry Rosie O'Donnell.
I won't issue a single sex vessel in the
back I want to take him out of but like that
shotgun.
I want to know how does the.
Rick.
What you may be wondering, why the red suit,
well, that's so bad, guys can't see me bleed.
This guy's got the right idea.
He wore the brown pants kind of music.
You get what they call.
Oh. The enemy.
How many cats are?
Wreaks like old lady pants in here.
Why such a douche this morning?
Oh, God, you are hard to look at.
He looks like a topographical map of Utah.
Exactly.
Sam. The one is enough.
Oh, I am very turned on right now.
You it you are haunting it look like an
avocado had sex with an older avocado.
Thank you. Greetings, Munchkins.
Did you like that dosa green band goodness,
hankering for a little more action, some
bigwig curse words, maybe check out Deadpool
website Dotcom for my red band trailer.
Make sure to ask your mommy and tell her to
call me.
She's got the number.